Changelog for v06 (#235)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

## Change log

[draft-06](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf-06):

> - Specification of serialization of group elements and scalars.
> - Unblind function is non-exported, but absorbed into Finalize.
> - Optimized method for ComputeComposites having knowledge of private key.
> - Remove info from client's input.
> - Randomized and deterministic key generation methods.
> - Added domain separation guidelines.
> - Added test vectors and minor editorial changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify of group element and scalar serialization.
- Remove info parameter from the protocol API and update domain separation guidance.
- Fold Unblind function into Finalize.
- Optimize ComputeComposites for servers (using knowledge of the private key).
- Specify deterministic key generation method.
- Update test vectors. 
- Apply various editorial changes.
```
